# Parkinson's Gittis Collab

These code files were used to train Gaussian process (GP) regressions (and linear regressions) on the various datasets generated by Teresa Spix. 

## Overview of the files
### "Regressions_LeaveOutCopies_first2DataSets_PredictOnRaw_CompareToAvg-Testing-NoDupes-afterlooxv.ipynb":
This file was used to train linear regressions with a linear kernel and interacting terms on the first set of PV and Lhx6 data. This file also generated output files used in "gpeTest_leaveAllOut_rawpred_compareavg_FINAL-NoDupes-afterlooxv.Rmd".

### "Regressions_LeaveOutCopies_first2DataSets_PredictOnRaw_CompareToAvg-Testing-NoDupes-afterlooxv.ipynb":
This file was used to train linear regressions with a linear kernel and interacting terms on all the PV and Lhx6 data. This file also generated output files used in "gpeTest_leaveAllOut_rawpred_compareavg_allThreeDataSet_FINAL-NoDupes-afterlooxv.Rmd".

### "gpeTest_leaveAllOut_rawpred_compareavg_FINAL-NoDupes-afterlooxv.Rmd"
This R file was used to train GP regressions on separated PV and Lhx6 data in the first round of data. The input files came from "Regressions_LeaveOutCopies_first2DataSets_PredictOnRaw_CompareToAvg-Testing-NoDupes-afterlooxv.ipynb". The output files are evaluated in "collectData_AndreasWay.Rmd".

### "gpeTest_leaveAllOut_rawpred_compareavg_allThreeDataSet_FINAL-NoDupes-afterlooxv.Rmd"
This R file was used to train GP regressions on separated all the PV and Lhx6 data. The input files came from "Regressions_LeaveOutCopies_first2DataSets_PredictOnRaw_CompareToAvg-Testing-NoDupes-afterlooxv.ipynb". The output files are evaluated in "collectData_AndreasWay.Rmd".

### "collectData_AndreasWay.Rmd"
This file was used to calculate the Spearman and Pearson correlation coefficients between the GP regression predictions and the averaged actual responses.

## Packages needed
For Python 3, these packages are needed:
### pandas
### math
### numpy
### sys
### sklearn
### copy
### xlsxwriter
### scipy

For R, these packages are needed:
### kernlab
### ggplot2
